Modified docs/guides/03-validation-proxy.md (#2094)
stoplightio/prism: docs/guides/03-validation-proxy.md

In the [design-first workflow](https://blog.stoplight.io/api-first-api-design-first-or-code-first-which-should-you-choose), mocking gives your team something to use before the API exists. Then, when enough feedback has come in and the API developers have decided to start coding the API, the hope is that the real API matches the mock API. If it matches perfectly, the existing development work done by the API consumers during the feedback stage means that integrating the real API should involve little to no work. Sadly, subtle differences often go unnoticed, with properties changing slightly, or being removed completely.

As of Prism v3.2, API consumers can funnel their development traffic through Prism running as proxy, and then relay that traffic to the API-in-progress. It reports any mistakes it notices along the way, either with the requests you're sending or the responses coming back from the server.

In this use case, the OpenAPI documents are provided by the API team, distributed to the API consumers, and the proxy server points to the dev environment. We'd also want to enable `--errors` so Prism will blow up your request if a mismatch is noticed.

```bash

> prism proxy reference/backend/openapi.yaml http://localhost:3000 --errors

Reviewer: Nice catch!  I bet this has been the source of some confusion.

```

> > The proxy URL must contain the protocol (http, https).

Reviewer: Feel free to ignore this, it's a tiny nit.

```suggestion
> The proxy URL must begin with the protocol (`http`, `https`).
```
